Readme proposal (#17)
catalystneuro/murthy-lab-to-nwb: README.md

```
### Running a specific conversion

Once you have installed the package with pip, you can run any of the conversion scripts in a notebook or a python file.

You can run any of the scripts on the following list:

* [Convert one courtship session, Cowley 2022](https://github.com/catalystneuro/murthy-lab-to-nwb/blob/main/src/murthy_lab_to_nwb/cowley2022mapping/cowley2022mapping_courtship_convert_session.py)
* [Convert one imaging session, Cowley 2022](https://github.com/catalystneuro/murthy-lab-to-nwb/blob/main/src/murthy_lab_to_nwb/cowley2022mapping/cowley2022mapping_imaging_convert_session.py)
* [Convert all courtship sessions, Cowley 2022](https://github.com/catalystneuro/murthy-lab-to-nwb/blob/main/src/murthy_lab_to_nwb/cowley2022mapping/cowley2022mapping_courtship_convert_all.py)
* [Convert all imaging sessions, Cowley 200](https://github.com/catalystneuro/murthy-lab-to-nwb/blob/main/src/murthy_lab_to_nwb/cowley2022mapping/cowley2022mapping_imaging_convert_all.py)
* [Convert one session, Li 2022](https://github.com/catalystneuro/murthy-lab-to-nwb/blob/main/src/murthy_lab_to_nwb/li2022ecephys/li2022ecephys_convert_session.py)

## Installation from Github

> Another option is to install the package directly from Github. This option has the advantage that the source code can be modify if you need to amend or modify some of the code provided by us. To install the conversion from GitHub you will need to use `git` ([installation instructions](https://github.com/git-guides/install-git)). We also recommend the installation of `conda` ([installation instructions](https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/miniconda.html)) as it contains all the required machinery in a single and simple instal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another option is to install the package directly from Github. This option has the advantage that the source code can be modifed if you need to amend some of the code we originally provided to adapt to future experimental differences. To install the conversion from GitHub you will need to use `git` ([installation instructions](https://github.com/git-guides/install-git)). We also recommend the installation of `conda` ([installation instructions](https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/miniconda.html)) as it contains all the required machinery in a single and simple instal
```

conda env create --file make_env.yml
conda activate murthy-lab-to-nwb-env
```

> This creates a [conda environment](https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/concepts/environments.html) which isolates the conversion code from your system libraries.  We recommend that you run all your conversion related tasks and analysis from the created environment in order to minimize configuration or libraries issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This creates a [conda environment](https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/concepts/environments.html) which isolates the conversion code from your system libraries.  We recommend that you run all your conversion related tasks and analysis from the created environment in order to minimize issues related to package dependencies.
```
